Going past the shops or your neighbours' homes on the way home from work
is an everyday reminder that we live together in communities.
Getting out and about on the weekend can put us back in touch with the natural environment.
But what about at work?
How does the work we do fit in with the world we see around us?
Few Australian organisations are as embedded in the community as we are.
And the size of our business means our impact on the environment can be substantial.
Being a large organisation, we have a special responsibility to the world around us.
As a member of our team, it's up to you to make sure that you act in-line with
Our Values, Our Ethics, and within any laws or regulations.
And, just to make sure you're clear on this,
you'll get training at just the right time
with just the right amount of information to help you understand what you can expect from us,
and what we expect from you.
You can also read about these in a series of policy documents on our Corporate Intranet site.
If you're unable to access the Corporate Intranet, talk to your People Leader.
We want to support you to make better decisions in the work you do every day,
so that our business continues to be a great place to work and the customers we serve leave with a smile.